Revision of scenarios for managing Attributes (#299)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_integrate/propose-attributes-to-peer.md

If the Recipient does not want to deal with any of the Attributes proposed by the Sender and, therefore, does not want to accept the Request for proposing Attributes of the Sender, it can reject it as a whole as well. For that, follow the instructions of the [Reject incoming Request]({% link _docs_use-cases/use-case-consumption-reject-incoming-request.md %}) use case.
{: .notice--info}

> <div style="width: 640px; height: 720px; margin: 10px; position: relative;"><iframe allowfullscreen frameborder="0" style="width:640px; height:720px" src="https://lucid.app/documents/embedded/29d3e823-243d-461d-adc5-bf7a0c9dc9cd" id="wXPVli~HoyKf"></iframe></div>

Reviewer: There are two boxes saying "Process accepted ProposeAttributeRequestItem".
Edit: I see you do the same also in other places. Why did you decide to put a process sub-box into the diagram here and in other places?

In general there is a lot going on in the diagram right now. If the duplicate prevention is added to propose, this will get even more complicated. Maybe we should keep it more simple and have only a general box stating that the appropriate AcceptResponseItem is created. Of course, we'll lose some details in the diagram then, but I fear we might scare potential readers. @britsta What is your opinion?

Author: One of the boxes uses the plural "Process accepted ProposeAttributeRequestItem**s**", the other the singular "Process accepted ProposeAttributeRequestItem". I have used a sequential multi instance loop in accordance with BPMN to represent the sequential processing of the individual RequestItems.

I understand your point of view regarding complexity of the diagram. Let's discuss in person how we can achieve a good compromise between accuracy and simplicity.

Depending on whether the Recipient confirms the fittingness of the associated proposed Attribute, it can agree to its creation and send it back to the Sender unchanged or correct the Attribute Value beforehand.
To do this, the Recipient needs to specify the proposed Attribute or an Attribute that differs from the proposed Attribute only by the Attribute value as the value for the `attribute` parameter of the AcceptProposeAttributeRequestItemParameters.
If the Recipient does not want to create a new Attribute, it can alternatively send an existing Attribute back to the Sender.
The `attributeId` parameter of the AcceptProposeAttributeRequestItemParameters must be used for that.
The existing Attribute may only differ from the proposed Attribute by its Attribute value.
As it makes no sense for the Sender to request a RelationshipAttribute from the Recipient that already exists in the context of their Relationship to each other, a RelationshipAttributeQuery that is potentially specified in the `query` property of the ProposeAttributeRequestItem can only be validly answered by the Recipient with a new Attribute.

> Otherwise, the [error code]({% link _docs_integrate/error-codes.md %}) `error.consumption.requests.invalidAcceptParameters` arises. Furthermore, an error with the code `error.consumption.requests.attributeQueryMismatch` is thrown if the Attribute provided by the Recipient does not match the [AttributeQuery]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#attributequeries) specified in the `query` property of the ProposeAttributeRequestItem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the [error code]({% link _docs_integrate/error-codes.md %}) `error.consumption.requests.invalidAcceptParameters` arises. Furthermore, an error with the code `error.consumption.requests.attributeQueryMismatch` will be thrown if the Attribute provided by the Recipient does not match the [AttributeQuery]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#attributequeries) specified in the `query` property of the ProposeAttributeRequestItem.
```

The `content` of the LocalAttribute is the Attribute that the Recipient wants to send back to the Sender, that is, the proposed Attribute itself or a corrected version of it.
Depending on whether the Recipient sends back an IdentityAttribute or a RelationshipAttribute, it is referred to as either an [own shared IdentityAttribute]({% link _docs_integrate/attribute-introduction.md %}#own-shared-and-peer-shared-identityattributes) or an [own shared RelationshipAttribute]({% link _docs_integrate/attribute-introduction.md %}#own-shared-and-peer-shared-relationshipattributes).
An appropriate AcceptResponseItem of type [ProposeAttributeAcceptResponseItem]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#proposeattributeacceptresponseitem) is generated, which incorporates the `id` of the LocalAttribute in its `attributeId` property and the Attribute that the Recipient wants to send back to the Sender in its `attribute` property.

> If a new IdentityAttribute is to be created and sent back to the Sender, a [RepositoryAttribute]({% link _docs_integrate/attribute-introduction.md %}#repositoryattributes) is additionally created for the Recipient beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new IdentityAttribute is to be created and sent back to the Sender, a [RepositoryAttribute]({% link _docs_integrate/attribute-introduction.md %}#repositoryattributes) will be additionally created for the Recipient beforehand.
```

- If the [Request was sent via a Message]({% link _docs_integrate/propose-attributes-to-peer.md %}#request-via-message): Specify `<ID of Request>` as the value for the `id` query parameter.

The Integrator of the Sender can now get the Response of the Recipient from the `response.content` property of the result.
In the `items` property of the [Response]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#response) is a [ProposeAttributeAcceptResponseItem]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#proposeattributeacceptresponseitem), an [AttributeAlreadySharedAcceptResponseItem]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#attributealreadysharedacceptresponseitem) or an [AttributeSuccessionAcceptResponseItem]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#attributesuccessionacceptresponseitem) for each accepted and a [RejectResponseItem]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#rejectresponseitem) for each rejected ProposeAttributeRequestItem included.

> Internally, a sent back `attribute` that can be read from a ProposeAttributeAcceptResponseItem is used to create an appropriate LocalAttribute with a LocalAttributeShareInfo of the Sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, a returned `attribute` that can be read from a ProposeAttributeAcceptResponseItem is used to create an appropriate LocalAttribute with a LocalAttributeShareInfo of the Sender.
```
